# For Link to draw.io page in the Brainstorm diagram.png file please click below:

[capstone_brainstorm](https://drive.google.com/file/d/1OuBR7T3t50vLXoHOc4x3_POS3bgzTa-I/view?usp=sharing)

### Top Candidates for Capstone project:

# 1. Ross -> Work -> Portfolio:
_I think this would be a great way to explore new languages and libraries with something that is conceptually simple but has a lot of options to expand on and improve even after the projects are showcased and my coding skills improve.  A good portfolio will showcase my skills via my favorite projects and through the portfolio itself. This in itself is a step above jsut a git hub repository and may possiibly give me an edge in what is becoming a very competitive market. It is not just a fun project to deploy and figure out but will be a great learning experience in the process of development.  Although the concept itself is not the most creative idea for a capstone, the technologies and style of the portfolio itself will be what makes this project sing and could possibly work in my favor as far as finding employment.  I am still in the process of researching which languages will work best, examples of great portfolios and what tech would is currently used and preffered in the industry based on what jobs I will be seeking I have some ideas as to what direction i would like to go.  For the frontend I would like to build the program with React using either Vite or Next.js to get started. Vite seems to lend itself more to vanilla js and may be easier to work with but I would really like to figure out how to use Next.js, as I hear it is favored heavily in the idustry for and I have seen it mentioned in several job postings. For styling I would like to look into Tailwind.  Bootstrap seems to be a bit antiquited in the current market so a strong tech like Tailwind that excels in customiztion and flexibility would bea smart move to beef up my styling and go for something more sleek and modern.  Although its not the most important aspect of the portfolio, I want to get this thing looking as beautiful as possible. It also works well with custom designs and the components that React uses.  For the back-end i would like to go with Typescript.  Having another language to work with going forward will look good on my resume, i see it brought up consistently in web dev job postings and from what ive heard its somewhat of a cross between JS and C#, which feels like knowing spanish and portugese and trying to learn italian.  Learning three new languags/libraries at once will be difficult so im hoping typescripts familiarity with C# and Javascript will make that task a little easier then larn some other back end language to work with.  I would like to include a section to highlight any future open source contributions or collaborations Ive worked with to emphasize my ability to work with a team well and contribute to a project while not stepping on anyones toes or dragging the whole project down in any way. Hopefully I can also showcase my own personality and coding style through this application.  Finding the ways to do that will be ultimately what helps the portfolio stand out in the end against the masses_

# 2. Ross -> Hobbies -> Travel -> The traveling meal planner
_I've had the oppurtunity to travel cross twice and one of the funnest parts of that experience was exploring local dishes, restaurants and favorites for each city/region/state that I was passing through.  I spent a lot of time mapping out what meals we would eat as we travelled based off of travel blog and different critic/recommendation sites.  This worked out well in some aspects but you really need a combination of all of the these resources as well as gettig a pulse of the city via friend/aqcuintance to really get the best idea of what the city has to offer. Many sites will focus directly on tourist traps or fine dining.  Sites like Eater or Trip advisor can be influenced by the critics relationship to the restaurant, advertising or even being paid to mention by the restaurant.  This inevitably leads to places that have high ratings that have either declined over the years and are still seen as staples or my personal least favorite, restaurants that have invested highly in the location and aesthetics but do little or nothing exciting in the way of cultivating new ideas or improving on their cuisine.  It also many times leads over looking great street food locations or even some of the cheaper brick and mortars.  Which is a shame cuz depending on where you are the street food can be unmissable and possibly one of the best dining experiences in that location.  Foody blogs tend to showcase these but they get caught up on fixating on the bloggers priorities.  If its a local blogger they can over look things like finding the best version of a dish originated or is favored in that region, due to the bloggers personal over exposure to the dish or desire to have "cool points" by spots favored by tourists.  At the end of the day it would be great to curate a query for restaurants while traveling based entirely off of ones own desires and tastes while avoiding any of the usual advertisement tricks and traps used to capitalise on travelers seeking a unique but worthwhile authentic experience. With this application I would like to create an open forum to post and search for these types of experiences.  Search criteria could include specific dishes, price, diet, location amongst other search criteria to cater to exactly what our client is trying to find.  We should also have a section of hidden gems that gives good recommendations for off the beaten path lesser known businesses in case they want a jumping point to try something new.  Hopefully each restaurant will be vetted by a trusted resource.  I havnt thought of what tech to use but it might make sense to go with an MVP app on the back end with connects to MySQL to store the data input fo query._